This video is about using GPT (Generative Pre-
trained Transformer) to build high fidelity bots
that can interact with users comfortably and
provide specific information about various topics.
The video discusses the general framework of how
this works, which involves a user querying GPT for
specific information, and GPT responding with
relevant information based on its pre-trained
knowledge.The video also talks about the
importance of domain knowledge in building these
bots, as it allows the AI to be wrong and generate
multiple possibilities that can be edited down to
a final result. The creative process for building
these bots involves coming up with a big idea,
over-generating possibilities, editing down the
possibilities, and repeating the process until a
satisfactory result is achieved.The video also
discusses the history of computer science and how
the kinds of research being done have evolved over
time. In the early days of computing, researchers
were focused on basic tasks like sorting lists of
numbers, but now with the advent of GPT and other
AI technologies, the possibilities for what can be
built are virtually limitless.Overall, the video
provides a detailed overview of how GPT can be
used to build high fidelity bots that can interact
with users in a comfortable and informative way,
and how domain knowledge and the creative process
are key components of building these bots.